flu season is here and they say this
could be an especially bad year which is
what they say every year but some ways a
raise awareness of flu prevention and to
create a little bit of mischief too we
went over to the Lowe's Hollywood hotel
across the street we cornered people in
an elevator with a reporter who was
pretending to be sick while doing
interviews about the flu in tonight's
edition of Eyewitness flus hey ok what
is your name sir let the burn
bérenger my what are you from brand
Seattle Washington here what do you do
up there I'm a physician you're a
physician can you give us some tips as
to how to stay healthy during the flu
season
yes my man recommendation is you see
your major corporation what do you tell
your employees to do to stay healthy in
a confined place like an elevator there
it's not as bad as it sounds that's
pretty bad how hard is it to avoid
getting the flu when you're in develop
that's very difficult well I don't have
to because you kind of skip it right
because I'm touching you and hugging you
and you're nothing and you know what is
this pin I see you wearing this
represents my company can I see that
pill
that's sweaty yes okay what should I do
pee it out
lots of fluids and then pee the bug out
I am not drinking out of that you say
that now no nausea and bottom vomiting
and diarrhea that's what we're seeing
this year exactly that's what I'm seeing
this year yeah that's nausea vomiting
and the diarrhea it's like some people
think it's funny but it's really broad
and runny that's what's different this
is diarrhea but I believe most of it is
there's contamination there are
contamination you touching your hand
you got five they touching your nose
bingo that's how you get sick so do we
get the number one things to avoid the
flu are get a flu shot sleep and wash
your hands all right no flu on three
everybody hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season in a fun way buy my
new book the serious goose I wrote it
and through it all the money I make goes
to children's hospitals across the
country or watch another gaming video
and don't help kids it's up to you